Updates code to Isaac Sim 4.1.0 release (#734)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: source/extensions/omni.isaac.lab/docs/CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
---------

0.20.0 (2024-07-26)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Added
^^^^^

* Support for the Isaac Sim 4.1.0 release.

Removed
^^^^^^^

> * The method :meth:`add_body_mass` in the events.
> * The class :class:`omni.isaac.lab.managers.RandomizationManager`.
> * The class :class:`omni.isaac.lab.managers.RandomizationTermCfg`.
> * The properties :attr:`~omni.isaac.lab.sensors.FrameTransformer.target_rot_source`,
>   :attr:`~omni.isaac.lab.sensors.FrameTransformer.target_rot_w`, and
>   :attr:`~omni.isaac.lab.sensors.FrameTransformer.source_rot_w` in the class :class:`~omni.isaac.lab.sensors.FrameTransformer`.
> * The kit experience file ``isaaclab.backwards.compatible.kit``
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The method :meth:`add_body_mass` in the events. Please use `randomize_rigid_body_mass` instead.
* The classes :class:`omni.isaac.lab.managers.RandomizationManager` and :class:`omni.isaac.lab.managers.RandomizationTermCfg`. Please use
   :class:`omni.isaac.lab.managers.EventManager` and :class:`omni.isaac.lab.managers.EventTermCfg` instead.
* The following properties in :class:`omni.isaac.lab.sensors.FrameTransformerData`: :attr:`target_rot_source`, :attr:`target_rot_w`, and :attr:`source_rot_w`.
  Please use :attr:`~omni.isaac.lab.sensors.FrameTransformerData.target_rot_source`, :attr:`~omni.isaac.lab.sensors.FrameTransformerData.target_rot_w`, and :attr:`~omni.isaac.lab.sensors.FrameTransformerData,source_rot_w` instead.
* The kit experience file ``isaaclab.backwards.compatible.kit``. This is followed with dropping support for
  Isaac Sim 2023.1.1 completely.

```
